Errors are listed from the highest to lowest priority for each command. This means if multiple error conditions are satisfied, use the error message with the highest priority,

play
1. "Already in setup mode."
(Using play command in the setup stage.)
2. "Already in a game. Please abort to start a new one."
(Using play command when in in game state.)
3. "Threshold values are not non-decreasing."
(The five threshold numbers are not non-decreasing in the sequence from the first number to the fifth number.)

setup_next
1. "Command can only be used in setup mode."
(Command was not used in the setup stage.)

setup_back
1. "Command can only be used in setup mode."
(Command was not used in the setup stage.)

setup_select
1. "Command can only be used in setup mode (excluding summary in setup)."
(Command was not used in the setup stage excluding the setup summary state.)
2. "Menu option selected out of range."
(Recall this command takes in an integer from 1 to 5 and is used for selecting Starighter equipments during setup. Not all types of equipment have 5 options so selecting an option that is not offered results in this error.)

abort
1."Command can only be used in setup mode or in game."
(Command was used in the not started state.)

move
1. "Command can only be used in game."
(Command was not used in in game state.)
2. "Cannot move outside of board."
(Location specified to move the Starfighter to is outside the board.)
3. "Already there.
(The Starfighter is already at that location.)
4. "Out of movement range."
(The sum of the vertical and horizontal displacement, in the unit of spaces, from the Starfighter's initial location to the targeted location, exceeds the Starfighter's Move attribute value.)
5. "Not enough resources to move."
(Factoring in regeneration for that turn, the Starfighter did not have enough resources to move to the specified location.)

pass
1. "Command can only be used in game."
(Command was not used in in game state.)

fire
1. "Command can only be used in game."
(Command was not used in in game state.)
2. "Not enough resources to fire."
(Factoring in regeneration for that turn, the Starfighter did not have enough resources to fire.)

special
1. "Command can only be used in game."
(Command was not used in in game state.)
2. "Not enough resources to use special."
(Factoring in regeneration for that turn, the Starfighter did not have enough resources to use its special.)
